Your Choice Fasteners was manufacturer and exporter indirectly has manufactured in self drilling screw as main and initial product when founded in 1992 for serving Domestic trader for USA market, has started directly overseas business in 2001 for Eastern Europe Market and got ISO9001 certificate in 2002 for qualified products. Your Choice Fasteners not only researches and develops more accurate manufacturing technology, but also expand packing plant in 2003 and production plant in 2009 for long-term development. Its production capacity meet 800 tons monthly, and could has 1200 tons on peak season.Your Choice Fasteners has a stable monthly output and its primary products are self-drilling, roofing and window screws, the two which alone account for over 80% of its revenues. On top of the purchase orders from the European and North American markets, over the past few years it has also received a few orders from South America, Northern Europe and Oceania, and up till 2016 the sales values have reached 10% of the company’s revenues.In the first half of this year it invested nearly NTD 10 million in manufacturing and automatic measuring equipment to enhance capacity and quality.The prevalent demands of clients are small batch, diverse product types, and short lead time. Your Choice Fasteners has chosen a few new materials with market potential for product R&D after a lot of study.The corrosion resistance of aluminum could be further improved by a variety of treatments, such as anodizing, coating or plating. In particular, the anodizing can produce a lot of different colors of the film with high hardness by using different chemical dyes. Your Choice Fasteners has selected proper aluminum alloy for screw manufacture process and developed the aluminum alloy self-drilling screws. It is suitable for the fixing of light-weight aluminum or aluminum alloy structure to avoid the galvanic corrosion of the contact of two different materials. Due to there is no embrittlement issue for aluminum in the ultra-low temperature like carbon steel, these screws is more applicable for cold zone. In the future, we expect they could be used on vehicles which comply with the lightweight trend of automotive materials.Titanium is also known as “Space Metals” because of its stable chemical properties. Titanium has excellent corrosion resistance in humid environments, seawater, chlorine-containing solutions, hypochlorite, nitric acid, chromic acid and general oxidative acid environments. So titanium is commonly used in chemical tank, plate and tube heat exchanger. These applications are one of the most suitable applications for titanium alloy self-drilling screws. Titanium alloy also has the highest strength - weight ratio among metals, in the future it can be widely used on bicycles for parts fastening. In addition, the colors of titanium surface will be different after anodizing, it will be a perfect part for colorful bicycle market.Due to the emergence of ASEAN and EU’s repeal of anti-dumping tax on China, fastener order price is subject to the competition and challenges from ASEAN and China. Fastener companies based in Taiwan mostly choose to go for purchase orders for high value fasteners. Your Choice Fasteners is geared toward niche products to reduce the impact of business fluctuation on purchase orders, so technical upgrade is vitally important.Contact：Jessica Huang, Vice General ManagerE-mail: jc.huang@ycs.com.tw(工商時報)